emotion_bucket, text
5,I ' m in heaven rearward on my favored site now, woohoo!!
5,thus, I am VERY disappointed with this stupid television camera, and am expect FORWARD to breaking it so I can go and buy another NIKON COOLPIX, which, except for the lens issue (breaking with minor trauma ), took great pictures, MOST of which WEREN ' T blurry! !! !! !! !!!
5,i dont still wanna tweet anymore screw you furbish up this
5,I am so fierce now as they never inform me that this was share of the cost they quote to me!!
5,Have An 8 night holiday which I cannot get to, not to mention my homecoming was also booked HIR - NAN - HNL Also on FIJI air lane. .. What a bunch of crooks
5,not true unfortunately most passengers are yet on the railroad train and i am even standing its rammed strawman to back is that adequate feedback for you
5,no point know now service is cancalled now make to spend for alternative travel does not help my notecase in earnest dang right disgusted that this happens every day in earnest need to stop up your game here
5,The flight leaves late due to late inbound craft - (which is a b complex vitamin excuse really - - a more honest one would be the craft was late because its on an end to end schedule with very tight turnaround times, and we stuffed up somewhere earlier in the day) So I land an hour deep and then have to wait for my pocketbook - C ' est la vie.
5,can i get anything back, or is it hopeless. .. . i take it the ice can habituate the rm command or hopefully some other method acting? ???
5,either way its retarded like the enforcement team skill less fucks no marvel sony is ahead by over xxx million sad i was suspend for a unsavory emblem even though it was a photo of crash bandicoot why
5,i have been bill again for two orders when i only placed one i have emailed this through i want a refund for the measure hire asap wtf
5,I was genuinely disgust with this purchase. First off, it is misrepresented. Since I purchased it, the title has been changed a little to reflect what you get a little bit best. BUT - it still says box of 50 gauze pads. What they do NOT tell you is this - you will only get xxv packages of gauze.
5,were already have our 2d technician come out this is super disappointing
5,you are the worst providers of anything i am a new customer as of 2 workweek and being treated like a tertiary earth citizen no wonder i was advised not to sign up with you for anything i gave you a luck for cipher losers
5,not today not today this is some shady shit and its really frustrating that your employees cant give me result and provide excuses for drivers that lie down about delivering software system
5,This is a terrible, fallacious company that luers multitude in through cheesy airway tickets.
5,you know what gets me in the christmas emotional state not patronize at sainsburys after seeing this unbelievably shabby shit and christmas christmas carol in fund too no doubt
5,Overall perfectly terrible terrible bloodcurdling experience with FlightNetwork.
5,how can i enjoy my flight when you dont have anyone here to answer questions and help me board boojetblue so disappointed with your customer service not only were me and my family unable to get on our original flight yesterday when the flight hadnt taken off but now we have to wait an extra 2 hour today to check our bags boojetblue getmehome neveragain
5,should have anticipate this crud out of what is worse the hr delay on the macadam or the rude seat flight attendant that woke me up whatsworse
5,four hour delay two hours to make a decision there is not any patience left in this airport what is last on with aa2295 flight delayed 4 time of day now ii hours wait for crew decision either cancel the escape or board the plane this is absurd horrible customer service never again americanairlines aa you gained 150 new pax
5,not likely youve already do me to miss troika important meetings virginamerica neveragain are you going to make it right for all of us bos so far that has been say but no one is authorized to do anything
