satisfaction_bucket, text
5,We fly out of the Amy lyon, Lake ontario, terminus and it was outstanding!
5,I joined Summit (recently flux with Anheuser Busch Credit rating Uniting) and have been very felicitous.
5,I really like these they do the job but without all the unneeded packaging and chemicals append to ceremonious stigma tampons. .. and they are biodegradable!
5,I ' m in heaven backward on my pet site now, woohoo!!
5,I have been taking a category call in " Core Fusion " for almost a year now, and it has been the most effective thing I ' ve arrange in terms of toning my body up (all all over, not just rump ).
5,anticipate me disturbed but we be intimate the suggestion we will be trusted to perish along
5,The flight crew move out of the way of life to pull in you well heeled, you could narrate that they enjoyed their jobs!
5,wow you sure did what a tidy sum and it looks dead fabulous
5,Yesterday I was in the economic system class of Turkish Airline on my way backward home but still had one of the best repast I ' ve ever had on board (aand it was free! )
5,monumental thank you to and for get this resolved for me in a seasonable way they handle my grumpiness well
5,Thank you so lots for help me out today you have been extremely helpful.
5,I book a flight with Aeromexico from London to Mexico City yesterday even, at a pretty awesome cost (compared to BA / Air travel France / KLM ).
5,One concierge even hugged me when we leave and say she was pass away to miss me!
5,when i booked my flights it read it was fly with Iberia but i believe its a buget you help is a great deal comprehended thanks
5,As a current PT scholarly person, I have an * stick * electronic network of rising stars at a number of bay surface area fellowship, right now.
5,my mom forever asks me if i require mcdonalds and i opine that is rlly beautiful
5,Voila - - no checked baggage, no carry - on baggage, no problem (and wear insolent - fizzle on your base ).
5,I know Jetstar gets a lot of bagging but I believe I ' d interrelate an instance of serious customer service I just take in from them.
5,Easyjet put us up in a five star hotel on a full board basis free of charge for a week whille we wait for a flight home, we were easily looked after and am pleased that we used them, , this was my first time trip with easyjet, but it wont be the last, , thank you.
5,shoutout to the best gate agent ever at real communicatory and enlightening
5,I ' ve been very happy with the sturdy structure of the Timbuk2 knapsack and messenger bags which I already own, and this case, which holds the Fire perfectly, is no exclusion.
5,I select USAir because the route and times were majuscule and the First Class menu was a steal!
5,They are really cute; I am a sizing 9 and they are a wee bit prominent, but I did not return them because they are so comfy and cool in the summer.
5,This was an especial deal at the time as the fair flight were £ 550.
5,The Icelandair faculty we meet were all splendid, especially one mate.
5,I ordered this item for my girl, she perfectly lie with it!
5,I would have no exit be ground somewhere with this tongue.
5,Lie with these sandal, they sacrifice the support and cushion I call for.
5,This is perfectly staring for testing the wet condition of the grunge.
5,I like my cast iron and Lupus erythematosus Creuset ovens a WHOLE good deal good for every imaginable purpose.
5,We have sex Gamewright games, and this is cursorily go another family dearie.
5,This is an amazing computer software that everyone that own an Ipod should have.
5,Shuffling you an awe inspiring ninja, since I bought this I ' ve been enshroud on my cap waiting for the pure opportunity to de - claw my cat.
5,She is well chosen, I am well chosen as scorched good are a flying!
